refactor: Make sure code in docs is tested (#595)
awslabs/syne-tune: docs/source/tutorials/developer/documentation.rst

  This is used to generate the *API Reference*. Please refer to the code in
  order to understand our conventions. Please make sure that links to classes,
  methods, or functions work. In the presence of ``:math:`` expression, the
  docstring should be raw: ``r""" ... """``.
* Examples in ``examples/`` are working, documented scripts showcasing
  individual features. If you contribute a new example, please also link it
  in `docs/source/examples.rst <../../examples.html>`__.
* Frequently asked questions at
  `docs/source/faq.rst <../../faq.html>`__.
* Table of all HPO algorithms in
  `docs/source/getting_started.rst <../../getting_started.html#supported-hpo-methods>`__.
  If you contribute a new HPO method, please add a row there. As explained above,
  please also extend :mod:`~syne_tune.optimizer.baselines`.
* Tutorials at ``docs/source/tutorials/``. These are short chapters, explaining
  a concept in more detail than an example. A tutorial should be self-contained
  and come with functioning code, which can be run in a reasonable amount of
  time and cost. It may contain figures created with a larger effort.

Building the Documentation
--------------------------

> You could build the documentation locally as follows. Make sure to have Syne

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can build the documentation locally as follows. Make sure to have Syne
```

Tune installed with ``dev`` (or ``extra``) dependencies:

.. code-block:: bash

   cd docs
   rm -rf source/_apidoc
   make clean
   make html

Then, open ``docs/build/html/index.html`` in your browser.

The documentation is also built as part of our CI system, so you can inspect it
as part of a pull request:

* Move to the list of all checks (if the PR is in good shape, you should see
  *All checks have passed*)
* Locate **docs/readthedocs.org:syne-tune** at the end of the list. Click on
  *Details*
* Click on *View docs* just below *Build took X seconds* (do not click on the
  tall *View Docs* button upper right, this leads to the latest public docs)

> When extending the documentation, please make sure it works:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When extending the documentation, please verify the following:
```

* Check whether links work. They typically fail silently, possibly emitting
  a warning. Use proper links when referring to classes, modules, functions,
  methods, or constants, and check whether the links to the API Reference
  work.

Conventions
-----------

> Keeping a documentation up-to-date and working is hard. We follow some
> conventions in order to make it easier:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use the following conventions to ensure that documentation stays up-to-date:
```
